# **Triggers and User Input**

Now that we have our first subsystem we need to be able to trigger commands to occur. This is where triggers come in.
First lets go to our ```RobotContainer.java``` file in the main codebase folder.

## **Creating a Roller Subsystem**

At the top of the class lets create an instance of our ```RollerSubsystem```
```java
public RollerSubsystem rollerSubsystem;

public RobotContainer() {
    rollerSubsystem = new RollerSubsystem();

    configureBindings();
}
```

## **Creating a Controller Object**

Now that we created our roller subsystem in the robot container, we need to create a controller that can trigger the commands it holds. Lets create that under our roller Subsystem:

```java
public RollerSubsystem rollerSubsystem;
public CommandXboxController controller;

public RobotContainer() {
    rollerSubsystem = new RollerSubsystem();
    controller = new CommandXboxController(0);

    configureBindings();
}
```
!!! note
    We create a ```CommandXboxController``` instead of a ```XboxController``` as only the command based one supports triggering commands. We create it with port 0 meaning that this xbox controller will connect to whatever is connected to the first controller slot in the driverstation.

## **Creating Triggers**

Now its time to finally trigger some commands. This is where the ```configureBindings``` function comes in. Here we define our bindings (triggers) between the controller and our commands.

```java
private void configureBindings() {
    controller.a().onTrue(
        rollerSubsystem.startRollersCommand()
    );

    controller.a().onFalse(
        rollerSubsystem.stopRollersCommand()
    );
}
```

Here we use both the ```onTrue``` and ```onFalse``` triggers. These allow us to setup the controller so that way when we press the ++a++ button, the rollers will spin, and when we release the ++a++ button the rollers will stop.

!!! note
    For now you likely wont be able to deploy this code unless you have a roller with a talon style controller. We will get to simulation later, but until then it will be hard to deploy. If you really want to deploy you can modify the class to work with whatever kind of motor controller you have.